[MUSIC]
>> Brian Holt: We're gonna have
an exercise with cheer and jeer, right?
Make an app that has two routes,
which is essentially,
we're gonna make an app that has two gits,
right?
We're gonna have one that's
called cheer.txt and jeer.txt.
Cheer should send something
back positive to say, and
jeer sends something back quite negative.
The solution is in cheer and jeer, and
remember you're gonna have to reinstall
express in this new folder.
>> Brian Holt: Okay?
So, let's just get on to it.
>> Brian Holt: The whole
solution is here in cheer and jeer, but
we're actually just gonna go ahead and
create a new folder, and call it exercise,
or whatever you want to call it.
Okay, here, we're gonna have a new file.
We're gonna save it, and
it's gonna be called app.js, okay?
And then we'll have to go back here to our
>> Brian Holt: Get out of here,
and we're gonna go into our
exercise folder, right?
And we're gonna do npm install express,
just like we did before.
>> Speaker 2: There's a question on why
you were saving the app server variables.
>> Brian Holt: Well,
you definitely have to
save the app variable,
because using the app variable is
how you create the server variable.
The server variable, force of habit,
I don't know if I necessarily
have a good reason for it.
It's just kind of common practice.
I'm sure it's useful, but
I don't know why it's useful.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
so what I did here is I just did npm
install express, that's all I did.
Okay, let's go back to our code here.
You'll notice that in our exercise folder,
we now have the node_modules, right?
So, here we gonna say var express
= require, express, okay?
And then, var app = express,
pretty straightforward so far.
We're gonna say app.get, and
we're gonna say /cheer.txt,
function, req, res.
If you want to be verbose, request and
response, we'll do that at this time just
for fun.
>> Brian Holt: Okay?
And then you're just gonna say request,
or sorry, response.end,
You have quite lovely eyes.
>> Brian Holt: Okay?
Pretty simple,
can imagine jeer will be quite similar.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, response.end,
I don't even know.
Everything that comes to
mind is offensive, so.
>> Speaker 2: You're mother was a hamster.
>> Brian Holt: Your mother was
indeed a hamster.
[LAUGH] Thank you.
>> Brian Holt: All right.
>> Brian Holt: After this,
we're gonna say our server,
equals app., see,
like I can't even remember the syntax
off the top of my head, so
let's just go ahead and
grab it from the basic, or from express.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, that.
You are free to just go ahead and copy and
paste that cuz literally it's not gonna
change.
>> Brian Holt: Very
common practice, by the way, is like,
I know I've done this before,
just go out, see what you've done,
and go grab it.
Okay?
Feeling pretty good about that?
>> Brian Holt: [LAUGH]
Apparently not [LAUGH].
>> Brian Holt: Is there any questions
about what's going on here?
>> Brian Holt: Hopefully
pretty straight forward.
>> Speaker 2: Can you walk through
it again?
>> Brian Holt: Sure,
bringing in express right here.
And then creating an instance of express,
okay?
And then we're doing an app.get,
which is essentially defining a new route.
So if you go to cheer.txt here,
or if you go to jeer.txt, right,
they're gonna get different responses,
then we're giving a call back function.
Call back function, or in this case,
an anonymous function,
right?
>> Brian Holt: And
this function is essentially,
I want you to do this when
they reach this route.
So if they go to cheer.txt,
please run this function.
Here we're doing response,
right, response.end,
which means please send them back this
response if they reach this route.
And we just did that twice.
So we defined two routes.
>> Brian Holt: And
in here, we just instantiate the server.
>> Brian Holt: Make sense?
>> Speaker 2: That makes sense.
>> Brian Holt: Cool,
well let's see what it does.
If you want to keep following along,
the whole answer is in the cheer and
jeer folder.
>> Brian Holt: That
shirt doesn't look awful on you.
I'm a jerk.
I'm pretty sure your scent
is unpleasant [LAUGH].
I totally remember writing that.
But something worthwhile of
noting is like right here,
I'm just saying app.listen, right?
You actually don't have to
have this function right here.
It's just kind of useful.
You can see in the command line,
your server actually did start.
But these are essentially equivalent.
>> Brian Holt: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: So, we're gonna say,
nodemon app.js.
It's listening on port 8080.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
and we're gonna go to cheer.txt.
You have quite lovely eyes.
Your browser is admiring you.
>> Brian Holt: And jeer,
your mother was indeed a hamster [LAUGH].
>> Brian Holt: Cool.
>> Brian Holt: Questions about that?
Seems, hopefully
>> Brian Holt: Good stuff,
right?
>> Brian Holt: So let's just remove that,
don't save.
>> Brian Holt: So, this is the one we just
wrote.
>> Brian Holt: Again,
this is like, writing a server
site JavaScript is not easy.